Add documentation on how to support an alpha version side-by-side in a HAL impl (#276)
rust-embedded/embedded-hal: README.md

[awesome-embedded-rust]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/awesome-embedded-rust#driver-crates

### Adding support for an `embedded-hal` `-alpha` version in a HAL implementation

It is possible for HAL implementations to support both the latest `0.2.x` version of `embedded-hal`
as well as the latest `1.0.0-alpha` version side by side. This has several big advantadges:
- Allows for a more gradual upgrade process within the community.
- Allows for a faster upgrade to `1.0` once it comes out.
- Provides more oportunities to test the new `embedded-hal` version.

> This approach has been exemplary implemented in [LPC8xx HAL]. Here are the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach has been implemented in [LPC8xx HAL](https://github.com/lpc-rs/lpc8xx-hal). Here are the steps:
```
Link was missing.

Also, "exemplary" reads a bit weird to me, as it has [other meanings](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/exemplary) besides "providing an example". Also, wouldn't it need to be an adverb here (exemplarily)? I suggest to just remove the word, but it doesn't matter much. I don't think I would have even thought much about it, if there hadn't been the broken link in the same sentence :grin:

Author: Thanks! and good point.
